So we want to deploy our app here.
As a native app that is what I'll start with.
And for these native apps I want to have my own icons and my own splash screen.
Now before we actually at these let's build our app so that we can open it an Android Studio and exit
code and prepare it for deployment.
For this what you can do is you can simply run energy build dash dash brought to build your application
for production with the help of the angular CLIA.
And for this command to work you need to make sure you have the angular seal I installed globally on
your machine.
Notice we'll take your web app and build it as it would build any regular normal angular app which you
don't build as an eye on a gap or what you don't plan on publishing.
As a native app.
So this is what we'll do now.
Let's wait for that to finish because with this finished you can now run ionic capacitor sync Android
and what this will do is will take your built Web app and basically copy it into the Android folder
and then you repeat that command for Iowa's important.
You can only build for ISIS if you are building this on Mac OS on Windows or Linux you can only build
for Android.
Now this simply takes to build the web app and all the copies it into the Iaw and Android folders so
that we can continue their side note you can always go into the capacitor conflict Jason File and adjust
your app ideas here which should then be picked up.
Once you do run ionic capacitor run or ionic capacitors sync.
So this is that unique app identifier which you need to set to deploy wrap because this will uniquely
identify your app in the app stores.
So definitely make sure you set this.
And as I explained earlier and of course this should be set to an identifier which looks like a reverse
domain which doesn't have to really exist but which in the end is your unique identifier which is why
here you typically use your company or your personal name.
You end with dot com or you start with dot com therefore and then you have like a descriptor of your
app.
And of course that can be whatever you want.
Typically you'd of course not name it.
Udemy course I want to angular but something like Michael company dot fitness track or 2019 or whatever
your name is.
But that's just a side note.
I will also show you how to adjust it from inside X code or Android Studio and that's the next step.
Let's run ionic capacitor open Android to open our project in Android Studio and then of course repeat
the same with IOW if you're on a Mac to also open it in X code.
Now here's the project an Android Studio and it should automatically have that Android manifest X email
file opened here.
You can also open that in Visual Studio code here in the Android folder under app and there in the source
folder you should find that Android manifest file with just that same file.
Now what you'll notice here for me at least is that the package I that is used here is indeed not the
one coded or added to this capacitor contact file I showed you.
Well maybe there's changes in the future because I think it should.
But right now to adjust your app I.D. for Android editors here in the Android manifest file in that
Android folder and set it just as I described it a few seconds ago to that unique identifier formatted
like a U R L or a reverse you are l make sure to adjust that here and you can learn more about that
in the capacitor documentation if you scroll down to Android configuration there you'll also learn that
you should change at the app I.D. here in your android manifest.
You also learn how you can change your app name here and for that you go into the resources folder in
the Android folder there and then undervalues strings excel.
Here you find your app name and I will named is pair B and B because that's what we're bowling your
and I'll also name my main activity pair B and B because that is what essentially gets shown in that
task manager for example and I will also update my package name here to match that package name I have
provided here in that capacity or conflict file.
So in these three places also that to my identifier chosen there and also in the Android manifest.
So if I go back out there to the Android manifest here I also want to use my identifier and you find
most of these steps also described here the important steps are all mentioned here.
Now with that set up we should all check our permissions sent there.
We already had a look earlier in this course.
You basically described what your app is allowed to do.
Now we definitely want internet access.
We also want to be able to write to our storage.
We want to be able to get that location network state should be determined camera.
We actually don't need to record audio or modify the audio settings so you should be able to remove
these two permissions.
But in the end you should always check of course with what your app uses and thoroughly tested after
changing the android manifest so that we prepared Android.
Now to also prepare Io s let me open does up an X code.
Here I am.
And side note just as you can configure Android here in your project folder you can all dive into IOW
there in the app app folder and in that app app folder you'll find the info list which is a file where
you can configure a lot of things like for example your display name of the application which will all
and a pair be and be here there also are dynamically injected things like though which you should not
overwrite here no back in X code here in the open project you can click on your project here on the
left there you can also edit the things that just showed you in the configuration like for example that
display name here it also did pick up that identifier is specified in the capacitor conflict so no need
to change it here.
And before you deploy you should also set your worships here to aberration.
That is a scene from outside that version which you should of course change whenever you up they trap
and an internal build which definitely should change it's not visible to the outside but it internally
and in the App Store controls.
Which version is the most recent version and so on for Android to go back to that we have something
similar if you go into that Android folder there in the app folder we have that built graded file where
you all just set a world name that is visible to the outside world which you can set to whatever you
want and your internal version which you should also always change whenever you're deploying a new app
version and here we have another case where we definitely should add our application I.D..
So with that Android is prepared I w is prepared and if you want to configure more you're definitely
dive into the official documentation for publishing Android and Iowa's apps.
I also wanted to show you how to generate these icons right.
So now with the app generally prepared let's do this next.